# About statsTeachR
{:.page-header}

The teaching modules we provide here are of the
[statsTeachR](http://statsteachr.org/) format. statsTeachR is an
open-access, online repository of modular lesson plans,
a.k.a. "modules", for teaching statistics using R at the undergraduate
and graduate level. Each module focuses on teaching a specific
statistical concept. The modules range from introductory lessons in
statistics and statistical computing to more advanced topics in
statistics and biostatistics.

Here, we focus on the analysis of genomic data and extend the
statsTeachR framework by giving users the option to open the labs
directly in their web browser as well as download the entire module
(sample displayed below). Each lesson is comprised of multiple modules
pertaining to the given topic. Each module then can contain slides,
labs, assignments, quizes and source files for everything in the
module. The intention is that users can simply open the PDF form of
each element, or they can open the .Rnw file into their R console and
manipulate code directly. All modules will also be available on the
[statsTeachR](http://statsteachr.org/) website.

![sample module](sample_module.png){: width="700" height="384"}


The GWAS lesson, for example, is broken down into four modules, each
containing multiple labs and slides. The first module pertains to what
we've termed *data-preprocessing*, and covers topics ranging from
reading genetic data into R to data filtering processes. The remaining
modules cover other topics like genotype imputation, association
analyses and post-analytic interrogation of results. While the labs
cover the same material as the tutorial, the labs are intended to
break the code up even further as well as integrate exercises and *On
Your Own* exercises for further understanding. For demonstrative
purposes, a portion of the second *data-preprocessing* lab is
displayed below.

![sample lab screenshot](lab_screenshot.png){: width="700" height="498"}
